Add param extraction method in KuzzleRequest (#2028)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/develop-on-kuzzle/api-controllers/index.md

 - `args`: Action arguments
 - `body`: Body content

### Extract parameters from request

<SinceBadge version="auto-version" />

The request object expose methods to extract parameters from the request in a standardized way.

> Each of those method will check for the parameter presence and type. In case of a validation failure, corresponding errors will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each of those methods will check for the parameter presence and type. In case of a validation failure, the corresponding API error will be thrown.
```
